1. What is your desired compensation range? (Range meaning the least you're comfortable with to the most you think you're worth.)

$85,000 - 100,000 yearly salary, $85,000 is my current yearly salary.

2. When can you start?

I would prefer to give 2 weeks notice to my current employer, so could start as early as two weeks out.  I do need to relocate as well, but don't have far to move and have family that lives near by so would have temporary living space that I could take advantage of as I made the move as well.

3. Do you have any planned vacations/absences in the next six months that we should know about?

None planned as of now, though I meant to mention before that I am currently on a vacation in California.  I will be back in Colorado this weekend though.

4. SparkFun is a dog-friendly environment. Are comfortable working aroung dogs? If you are a dog-owner, would you see yourself bringing dogs to work?

I love dogs!  Both of my dogs just passed away within a week of each other recently and I'm currently waiting until I'm settled down in Boulder again before I consider another dog... but when I do have one eventually it would be awesome to be able to bring him/her to work.  And great to have dogs around to say hello to every day in the meantime as well!

5. The active developer keeps up on happenings in the world of development and technology. Where do you you get your news?

Slashdot, NetTuts/TutsPlus, Flipboard.

6. The sane developer does things other than writing code. What else occupies your time?

I love the outdoors and fitness, lots of running and weight training, a little hiking and I just took up cycling this summer to get some low impact cardio in as well.  I'm also a huge fan of pro football/the Broncos so I keep up with football and at least one or two games a week.

7. The worldy developer is in touch with some form of culture (books, music, film, etc.). How do you go about feeding this part of your brain?

I love movies of all genres as long as they are good, but who wouldn’t say that!  I do consider myself a pretty good cook and love to put a awesome meal together to share with a group for friends and/or family.  Recently I have been playing around with doing an acrylic painting with some friends and that is fun in a way that I haven’t experienced in a long time/something I don’t do all the time.